Add dialogs and refactor modules for path generation (#101)
YPM-Informatics/COPISClient: README.md

To start the application from the project root, run:
```bash
python copis/client.py
```
Or, using the start script in that folder, run:
```bash
python copisclient.py
```
*Note: These 2 commands can be run from any folder in the project directory tree.*

> ### Configuration File
> 
> The configuration file `config.ini` contains initialization settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuration Files

* `config.ini` contains initialization settings.
* `machine.ini` contains settings for the imaging instrument.
```

Author: Looks good, just committed those changes.
